"Good morning everyone and welcome, welcome everyone. We strengthen our beautiful motivation
and attitude and that is really the foundation of the practice or the teach, our practice
and our teaching and that is our path and direction, that is our practices and the teaching
and the direction and that will be our result and the goal, achievement will be that and
that is good motivation. Good motivation is joy and appreciation, bodhicitta, purity, understanding
of the nature or purity of the realizations. That is what peace is. And then with devotion,
all combined that worry, as I said, that worry is our path and our practices, that worry
is our goal and achievement and it's simple to tell again that is Buddha nature. That
is how we are going to discover. This discovering is not just begin later, this discovering
is begins right now with our self. Therefore, we call as known as teaching, practiceness.
We are practicing glorifying our beauty and our nature and you know that and I know and
this is what not just knowing is enough, we are trying to activate that. Activate that
midst of all these publications, dualities and emotions, this raging fire, every direction
that we are kind of midst there. They are not really important. They are not beneficial.
They are not beneficial. In fact, you all know these emotions, the disturbances. Disturbing
our joy and peace, happiness and joy and peace and happiness, our friend, our family, our
neighbors and then all everyone. So, it's not really doing any good things. Therefore,
with our intelligence, with our, we are beautiful human beings, with beautiful intelligence,
therefore, we should make the difference ourself. That started with our beautiful motivation,
I said. Motivation is everything. So, therefore, we just really ignited these qualities and
if that we ignited that beautiful qualities, that will transcend all things. When we increase
the joy and the appreciation, that will transcend and remove, dispel the suffering, sadness
and as well as miserable, it really will dispel. Dispel, it will dispel. That is the most powerful
remedies. We are having big emotions, such as anger and jealous and hated, thought and
worry and stressful. Stressful and deep break and all those anxiety and all that. We bring
again joy and appreciation and both each other. Really it will subside. It's not just telling
the story of the petty story of the other side of the world or the planet. I'm talking
that with our own experience, this is nugget, this is the truth. Truth. This will get great
healings, our emotion scars, our, all those psychological troubles, problems we have.
Really, it will heal. It will, it will cleanse, it will, that is known as purification. That
is known as purifying, removing obstacles, obscurations. Those are known. We have to
be practical, not looking the other direction. That we've been doing, according to the Buddha
teaching, from the beginning time, we're looking almost always at the wrong time, wrong directions
and thinking of the solutions and all these, that things. But really solution comes with
our heart, your heart, with my heart, with this motivation. Knowing that, knowing that,
therefore, all the incumbents, all the beautiful things, it's right with us, with you and with
me. Joy and appreciation, it's not going to have to go in somewhere and search in this
and that. It's right with us, right with you. Ignite that, sweet on that. Put sweet on that.
Joy and satisfaction. And both each other. Kind is comparable for all living beings. It's
really wishing, sincerely. No one is, sentient beings, I like to be suffering, suffer bad
and difficulties. Same as like me. Me, I don't like to be suffered. I don't like to be upset.
I don't like to have pains. It's the same. Whether they can see clearly or can't see.
The feeling is the same. Feeling is the same. Pain is going through the same. This is that.
And that we can see. For example, the animal, all those, we kind of superpowers, we kind
of use the advantages, how much they're scared, how much they're really in the trouble. That
we see. Pain is the same. Feeling is the same. Therefore, when we practice them, bring more
compassion, more love, more kindness. And that is also, we glorify our goodness. Our
beautiful, your beautiful, my beautiful. And we benefit it. We're clearing our path in
the directions. Our destination. Our destination. Destination, maybe we don't know exactly why
we're good. We don't see the future clearly that. But if we make bright now, now we'll
move continuously now. Today is now, but this today will move tomorrow. Tomorrow will be
bright. Tomorrow will be bright. Continually shine that. We're clearing the path as a move.
And brighten our as a move. Then completely brilliant. Great. That is known as enlightenment.
Brotherhood. So therefore, again, we talk under the motivation, we strengthen this motivation,
all this. But it's not just that once in a while or the beginning of the practice. If
we can keep this motivation throughout the day and the night, really, that is the most
powerful practices. The whole practice in the teachings of such as the Vedayana teaching
or Dzokhi teachings, the Mahamudra teaching and the Mademada teaching become so powerful,
so rich, so powerful. It just glorifies that. And that's what these great beings, such as
Buddha and Guru Pima, all those great masters. So follow that footsteps with that. So with
those understanding, and then again, we move to the end with purely understanding and devotion.
We move to the to the to the teaching. Again, teaching that principle teaching of aspects.
Again, we go.